Thank you to Beam for sponsoring this episode of our show.
Guys, get ready for the ultimate cozy winter night in.
Brought to you by Beam.
Beam is a functional wellness brand that makes CBD products to help you pursue your better
and push the boundaries of what's possible.
For a limited time only beams best selling sleep products, dream powder hot cocoa.
Now comes in delicious white chocolate peppermint.
Get ready.
Alright swirls of peppermint mix with creamy white chocolate for the guilt-free hot cocoa
of your holiday dreams.
Or should I say your holiday beans?
It's the perfect winter wind down for those cold snowy nights.
It's a triple, lab tested, and contains the ultimate,
sleep, promoting ingredients.
Nano CBD.
Rashi.
Magnesium.
Elfianine and melatonin with no sugar or artificial sweeteners.
Those are all absolutely positive ingredients.
This doesn't seem like nonsense.
Those I know are good and for sleep.
I actually take magnesium, elfianine and melatonin.
Regardless, so I'm excited to try this.
Curl up with a cup of white chocolate peppermint dream right before bedtime.
And get your best sleep ever.
I don't sleep that well.
It's very hard for me to follow sleep.
I'm always kind of wired.
So I have found that things like what's in this product,
and I can't wait to try the product itself,
really does help me wind down at the end of the day.
So guys, give it a shot.
I mean, you know, the holidays are stressful.
Maybe you're switching time zones like me.
You need to need to need a little bit of a sleep it.
Plus, people love dream powder.
And the reviews Jennifer M wrote,
I've suffered from insomnia for years.
I've tried just about every supplement on the market,
and this is by far the most effective.
I'm very grateful for it.
I fall asleep quickly and sleep deeper and longer.
Thank you, Beam.
Melanie wrote,
This stuff is legit.
I'm a gym rat who just turned 50 and has sleep issues.
I take this at 10 p.m. and sleep from 11 to 6 a.m.
The best part is that I wake up refreshed
and ready to hit the gym.
Wow.
White chocolate peppermint dream powder
only lasts for a limited time.
So get it while it's hot and great news.
If you subscribe now,
you can take advantage of Beam's best sale of the year
for Black Friday and Cyber Monday.
You'll get 40% off.
The first three months of a peppermint dream subscription,
plus a free mug and a frother.
Or 20% off a one-time purchase.
Again, this is Beam's biggest offer of the year.
This is pretty impressive.
And just like this new flavor,
it won't last long.
So head to beamorganics.com slash head gum.
That's beam B-E-A-M,
organics.com slash head gum,
H-E-A-D-G-U-M.
For 40% off,
the first three months of a peppermint dream subscription,
plus free mug and frother,
or 20% off a one-time purchase.
You can pause or cancel at any time.
Thanks, Beam.
Why does it feel like we haven't done one of these
in forever?
Did one of these ever been here?
That must be it.
I mean, you did it last week,
but we haven't been on in a while.
Okay.
Yeah.
Sorry.
So it's not really forever.
Yeah.
I just...
What a sour attitude to bring to the beginning of it.
You're not even looking at your monitor.
It's good to see you, Jeff.
Yeah.
Yeah, Marieka.
You haven't been on for a couple weeks.
A lot of comments saying that this podcast,
not only is bad, but barely exists without you.
How does that make you feel?
No, I always want to have Marieka on it.
She just does probably the most.
No, no, no.
I'm talking to someone who's actually contributing to the show.
Wow.
How does that make you feel?
I feel good.
Yeah.
I think so.
A little concerned.
I feel like personally,
I don't feel like I bring much to the table,
but overall positive as long as people aren't being mean to me,
because I do read all of the YouTube comments.
I'm pretty fine.
Pretty fine.
A lot of people are trying to wed you.
Oh, like that.
Well, if you feel like you don't contribute anything,
why don't you hit us with a major healer.
Oh, boy.
Be good to yourself, I guess.
That's my major healer.
That's great.
Johnny, we're so almost the same person, man.
Dude, hell yeah.
We pretty much are the same person.
I'm pretty much going to take over your life at this point.
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
I'm officially coming to New York in 13 days.
Yeah.
It's so soon.
I realize I was that soon.
It's really exciting.
Dredding it completely.
Dredding it?
Yeah.
I'm like, I'm dreading it so much, man.
What is there to dread?
I mean, I'm just going to be hitting you up way too often
and being a burden in your life.
Yeah.
I mean, yeah.
I understand that.
I think that's kind of why I'm dreading it a lot.
Mmm.
So I think there is an agreement.
I have the benefit of not being like close to anyone.
Location wise.
Johnny here.
And by relation.
Yeah.
You're so easy to like convince to go somewhere.
Cause you're sort of central.
So yeah.
And I mean, like.
I don't know why.
Why it is about people from New York.
But they think that 30 minutes is a long time.
Like to get from one place to another.
I think it takes like three hours for me to be like.
Uh, I don't know if I'll go.
Three hours.
So Kingston's two and a half hours from you.
You'd drop everything and go up there.
Uh, yeah.
If I had like a free day, I'd probably would.
I guess you're also kind of used to like,
commuting from Jersey.
Yeah.
I feel like hour and a half.
Two hours is kind of my like.
Oh, boy.
Well, stuck this morning.
Got yourself a gun.
Nice.
The sopranos.
Yeah.
I started watching the sopranos for the first time.
Do you enjoy seeing it?
I love it.
I don't like that.
It takes place in New Jersey.
Cause it does sort of remind me of Johnny.
Okay.
Interesting.
All right.
You're like.
It's a very dynamic.
Yeah.
Sorry, non-secretor from the show.
I'll give you that.
Yeah.
It is a little bit.
Not part for the course.
Yeah.
Is this the point where you say this is not going easy?
Are you wanted?
Yeah.
We know of the seats.
It's a script, man.
No, to me.
I'm trying to, this was one of those weeks where I'm like, let me try and reinvent the show
in a way where I kind of bring instead of sour poison.
A new perspective.
Jennifer's body style.
Yeah.
Great.
And.
Uh.
Agent Wisdom of your.
Dipwi to Joel.
All right.
What's the agent wisdom?
Yeah.
Well, it's going to be just first throughout the show.
Like, I don't have bullet points that I want to just read off.
I know that you guys always say that, oh, you just write jokes.
And then we're just supposed to sit here and feel them.
F-E-L-D.
And Johnny knows what I'm talking about.
Um.
And no, but I want to just interject with actual.
Useful words to hear.
It's a great goal.
I love that for you.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Johnny, you've been up.
No.
Well, you're going to say, what have I been up to?
I'm just gonna.
Yeah.
Um.
Last yesterday, I went to a sake tasting with my roommate and some friends.
And uh, learned a little bit about rice wine.
I don't know how to say Johnny.
I did.
I mean, I didn't taste.
You went to a tasting.
How did taste?
No, no.
It was sake school.
And so you learned about it and tasted.
It's just like in retaliation for.
Riley, taking wine classes.
It's like every day.
Really happy.
They won up her.
No, this was something that, well, so George Sava said,
Do you want to go to sake school with me on Sunday?
I said, what the hell is that?
He said, it's before this place opens an hour before it opens.
You can go and taste sake for free and learn about it.
I was like free sake, of course.
Didn't end up being free to ended up being thirty two dollars for six
ounces of sake total.
Um, but it was still fun.
I found that I like a grainy, icy, warm sake with a milk cream mouth feel.
But if it's a little more balanced, a little more polished.
I'll go cold.
And I will fall cold because I've recently found out that drinking alcohol makes me sort of pass out
if I have too much of it.
Happens to everybody.
And yeah, just staying to just laying that right.
Yeah.
Really?
We've had shots together multiple times.
You've had shots in front of me.
Yeah, because you kept buying it for me.
And I don't say love to buy a Johnny shots.
That was more of an August-ish.
Mm-hmm.
Cold news.
What are you guys?
I was just going to bring up that you bought a frozen espresso
Martinez for the table.
Wait, when did I do that?
Oh, I raised.
Yeah.
You had too much of drink and you forgot.
So you forgot about forgetting.
That was also August-ish.
Mm-hmm.
The coffee reminded me.
Yeah.
Um, what's new, do you guys?
I'm a little shook if I can be perfectly honest.
Holy shit.
Bomb drop.
Holy.
Nice.
That was easy.
Sure.
Uh, I, tonight I'm going to a concert version of the musical Spring Awakening
with the original Broadway cast from 15 years ago.
And I, I feel like I might cry for three hours.
And in the next three hours, I'm a little like crazy right now.
Oh, it's going on.
Is that why you have to leave your house at five?
Mm-hmm.
Interesting.
Because I live far and I have to travel far.
I believe that out.
Uh, yeah.
That's, I'm, I'm shook by that.
Really excited.
One of my friends that I haven't seen in a long time is coming for the concert.
Uh, and it's her first time in a Broadway theater.
Um, sort of fans of Spring Awakening around the same time.
Hmm.
It's going to be great.
Where are they coming in from?
You didn't say.
Ah.
They're coming in from a,
Mayor asset from DC.
DC.
For sure.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
And then Johnny, what kind of nonsense is called in your life?
Uh, I got the flu twice.
I got tested twice.
It was both the times the flu.
Uh, the first time I recovered,
I was like, finally, it was just right before Halloween weekend.
Yeah.
And then, uh, I went out one day for Halloween,
and then I got the flu again.
So I was out of commission for quite some time.
But now I'm back.
COVID-free.
Flu-free.
And, uh, I probably should get my flu shot.
Just in case this happens a third time.
Yeah.
All of it could have been avoided if you just got in your flu shot.
Now you haven't had to bodies for something that doesn't really matter in the end.
I mean, I could get the flu again.
And that's the same strain.
Right.
Let's see if I don't sulfide it.
All right.
I guess.
You're not giving me anything.
What is it?
I'm not giving you guys anything.
I've come up with gold so far.
Actual conversation starters.
Yeah.
But you said you're going to interject with something positive.
I think that would help.
Yeah.
You know, you know what?
I'm not going to have it.
Cause guess what?
You guys have this expectation of me as a host.
And you're kind of waiting for me to come in with the crazy.
All I've done so far is,
yes, play sounds, but also off deposit.
Jumping off points that I think are positive.
You asked me was where my friend was from.
I think that's really good.
It's fine.
Uh, I Jesus Christ.
I got my flu shot on Thursday.
And I tried to get my COVID booster at the same time.
Uh, they didn't have appointments available.
So I scheduled mine for November 30th and green point.
And, uh, yeah.
What was that sound?
What was that sound that you just played?
Oh, you mean one of the people?
Oh, I thought it was a wild animal.
It does kind of sound like a cougar.
It was a wild line.
So it was a wild.
Oh, great.
Yeah.
We're also going to have to figure out how to film this one.
If we're all in New York.
Yeah, but that's going to continue being at home.
Well, what do we think of the video episode so far?
Because I think that people, I think 80% of the people like it.
I think 20% think the audio version got worse, which I agree with.
But my fear is that we're not generating new avenues of revenue.
Interestingly, you do keep playing copyright in music.
That stops YouTube monetization like the one that you immediately played
in those episodes.
Which one?
Uh, that like, truly like the two second clip that started this.
I don't know what song it is, but it got flagged.
The other.
No, we didn't.
I didn't do any songs.
I swear to God, oh, you mean, oh, yeah.
The answer.
Yeah.
That is flagged.
It did.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'll cut that out then.
I've been trying to be dude to not do it.
I feel like I didn't do it.
Yeah, you've been trying.
No.
Jeffrey, I feel like it's.
I think they're going well.
Um, I feel like, you know, I think that we've been doing a lot of visual bits.
So that probably adds to the, the audio quality situation.
But yeah.
Yeah.
And I was.
I already wasn't as well received as I would have hoped on the audio forum.
And the second I was very visual.
Yeah.
I'm ready to alienate more people.
Johnny, what's the status with, uh, uh, pretty wack industries?
Pretty wack industries is currently cooking.
They're in the steel.
Always chill.
Yeah.
Who?
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Well, you physically are in a steady recording.
So I guess that works.
Oh, yeah.
I just spent all my time in my room now.
I spent all my time drinking wine.
So this is a jumping off point.
Johnny, we should do like on the shop style interview series at the headgum office,
where we like talk about shit way too seriously.
You mean Danny and a rotating cast of way too famous guests.
Wait, the shop like, uh, where they're all in a barber shop.
On interrupts.
Yeah.
Shopping it.
The shop could be the shock.
And so if for every answer that the guest doesn't do,
we kind of zap him with a magic wand.
Definitely illegal very bad.
I did.
Or not a magic wand.
What's it called?
Tazer.
Not a tazer.
It's kind of delicious.
Not a cattle prod.
More salacious.
Like a sex toy that is electric things.
Violet.
Violet one.
What is that?
It's a sex toy.
Nice.
Because that I think makes the guests uncomfortable and I was certain way.
And then you basically have to answer the question.
So we'll get physical fucking.
Yeah.
We'll get Seth Myers on the show.
Can't go.
No way.
What's that?
We can get Seth Myers.
Why do you say it's so mad or happy the time of day?
He might give me the time of his, the out of his day.
To physically potentially name him.
Of course not name.
It's all playful.
It's all the shock.
With Johnny Villa.
I love it now.
It's great.
Just needed this name on it.
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
We should say that we have a new part time employee.
John, a kinshan.
Is that he?
Yeah.
Interesting.
Joining us in nearly a few minutes here.
Her head gun podcast debut.
I got yelled at via Johnny for not inviting her on earlier.
But I was also kind of drunk.
So I apologize for yelling at you.
Yeah.
Well, it's probably because I bought you nine shots for some nonsense.
So I guess.
Do you guys like bargames,
darts, billiards, et cetera?
Not really.
What do you like then?
What do you like?
I like musicals.
I like formula one racing, which people don't want me to talk about any more.
Do you get blasted at a Broadway show?
Because I know they sell alcohol there.
What do you do?
It's so expensive.
I mean, the alcohol's like $30 for like a double shot beverage.
But no, I'm not.
I normally don't buy drinks unless it's like, there's a cup that I want.
Cause the logo's on it.
And it's everywhere that I do that.
We're going to have you out of the drunk.
Uh, I'm going to say probably no.
Probably like close to drunk.
Maybe tipsy, but not like, not blasted if as it were.
Oh, okay.
And Johnny, have you ever done masculine?
Oh, what is?
Oh, wait, no.
No, not that.
That's a masculine.
I think it's peyote.
Oh, peyote.
Yeah.
But it's definitely if I had a wish list of drugs.
Peyote would be there.
Yeah.
Yes.
I love, I love.
Let the record show that I do enjoy a good, uh, hallucinogen.
That's cool.
Well, the record show.
Ferris, keep this in.
I want people to know I'm cool.
Yeah.
I'm going to get you arrested somehow, just from that.
Question, which I don't even think is illegal to say.
Officer, which is trying to be cool.
Uh, we should take a quick break.
But we'll be right back after a couple of weird video ads where I have to talk directly
to Kimmer by myself.
Oh, yeah.
Guys, the holidays are coming up and gift buying slash giving can be stressful.
Am I right?
But it's never too early to start gift shopping for the holidays, especially because
today you can save big on a gift that they'll use every day.
And that's Raycon wireless earbuds.
Listen, guys, they sent me two pairs of Raycons.
And I use them almost every day.
I use them on my bike rides.
I use them on my commute to work when I walk to work, which is something I'm
doing recently, man.
It has seamless Bluetooth pairing and a comfortable noise isolating fit.
It actually fits into your ear as opposed to the other wireless earpods that
everybody uses, which is just kind of like one size fits all.
And it's not as nice.
The audio quality is amazing.
Absolutely comparable to the other ones that everybody uses.
And it also starts at half the price.
So kind of an old brainer.
Also, you're bound to lose these, right?
You're bound to lose any wireless thing.
So why not have the vibe in price to get them back at half the price?
The new Raycon every day earbuds come with three new sound profiles to make sure
that everything you're listening to sounds it's best with just the right amount of
bass.
There's pure mode for podcasts listening, blues, instrumentals, etc.
Balance to mode, also for podcasts listening, rock, heavy metal, etc.
And bass mode for hip hop, EDM, reggae, etc.
They offer eight hours of playtime with a 32-hour battery life.
I don't ever really struggle with charge issues.
They seem normal.
There's also a built-in microphone, so you can take calls at the press of a button.
Take my therapy calls on these.
So this holiday season get your loved one, something that they can use for calls, music,
work, play, at home or on the go with Raycon.
Pick up a pair for yourself.
Trust me, you're going to use them every day.
So go to buyraycon.com slash what's that today?
To unlock exclusive deals up to 20% off your Raycon order.
But hurry, you don't want to miss it.
This offers only available for a limited time.
That's buyraycon.com slash what's that?
Thanks Raycon.
Jeff, guess what?
What?
Remember how I rewatched feet twice during the pandemic?
I didn't know you did it two times over, but yeah, Jesus Christ.
I feel like you should cause I use your HBO Max account.
Anyway, there is a brand new podcast with the stars of feet themselves.
An exclusive behind the scenes look at the show with a Matt Walsh aka Mike McClent
Josh and Timothy Simon's aka Joe Ryan.
My favorite character because I'm a garbage person.
Right.
Yep.
We've joined together for the first ever feet per watch podcast called second in command.
They're going to have all the stars of the popular HBO show on as a rewatch every episode.
One by one, giving all the behind the scenes dirt on filming gossip and what they actually
thought about the storylines themselves.
I just listened to the episode about my favorite VP episode nicknames, which I learned
used to be titled Dan Dates Jonah, which is really important to me personally.
So that was great to learn.
So if you've just been meaning to watch it, drawing Matt Tim and the rest of the cast on a
trip down memory lane on one of the most critically acclaimed shows of all time.
So be sure to follow cast media's new podcast, second in command wherever you like to listen.
You can also check out the video releases each week on second in command YouTube channel.
Well, thanks second in command or thanks cast.
Whatever.
What do you mean for what?
For this this is fucking work at this point, man.
Oh, I thought this was the next segment.
You called old for a buck.
Oh, no, I was saying, and we're back.
Oh, okay.
Oh, I was rusty.
We should get into our demo.
That won't get flagged.
Bond of the week.
Absolutely bond of the week.
Let's start with Johnny Villa, who's your bond of the week?
We should say every week until the next bond is cast.
We're going to kind of cast our votes for the next James.
All right.
My bond of the week is fellow short king Daniel Radcliffe.
Does he want it?
Probably not, but I think he would like it.
Not even love it.
Doesn't get out of the solid now.
Radcliffe.
How rich do we think he is?
Let's get in here.
Hang on.
Daniel Radcliffe.
Oh, ABC family Harry Potter.
My earth on.
Royal T's.
Oh, yeah.
That equals a lot.
Oh, my God.
Okay, over under how much do we think it is over under $70 million.
Over.
Definitely over.
Yeah, 110 million.
That's so much money.
That's a lot smaller than I thought it would be.
Considering how huge Harry Potter was.
I feel like once money gets up in those numbers,
I lose all sense of what anything means.
Yeah.
You know, it's like, what's a hundred.
I feel in small bit of so much money.
It's so fucking much money.
Um, yeah.
Wow.
That's what I need to do.
I need to fucking like book a 10 poll franchise leading role or some bullshit.
Are you going out for like Marvel stuff?
I went out for one Marvel series.
Can you say what it was?
Uh, was it who's in Miss Marvel?
Uh, is that it?
Yeah.
It's Miss Marvel.
No, the actor.
Yeah.
Miss Marvel.
Nice.
But sometimes they send me out for things where I have to be our
median.
And I'm like, I don't think I look our median enough.
And I can't pronounce these words, which is kind of a dead giveaway.
Um, full steam ahead.
Oh, my God.
The week.
Yes.
Uh, since he's having a little moment,
I'm going to go with Barry Kyo again.
Uh, he's not because we don't know who that is.
It is.
Barry is having a yes.
He wasn't done. He most recently.
He was in the eternal.
He's like the.
Oh, this is like Harry Styles guy.
Sure.
I don't know what that means.
They were in Dunkirk together.
Yes.
Spoiler alert.
Harry Styles is in the.
Uh, and credit scene of the eternal.
Uh, so sure.
He is.
Yeah.
Oh, you didn't know that.
No.
They're all over the Twitter.
Is he in it?
Is he going to be in a Marvel movie?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Like that's have like what character?
Aeros Star Fox.
I don't know.
He's Thanos's brother.
That's his character.
Um, he did a good job.
I'm so hot.
He's a good job.
How are you?
He deserves.
Uh, as a die hard.
Big time rush stand.
I was constantly mad at one direction.
Uh, so I just didn't care when they were abandoned.
And, you know, he's doing a good job.
I have nothing against him in his little solo career.
He seems like a nice lad.
I'm seeing him in Friday at the forum.
I can't be more excited.
Couldn't be.
I.
I got some high-waisted pants for it.
Yeah.
This is from she in.
So that's where everyone's buying their high-waisted pants.
Oh, yeah.
The t-shirts?
Brow.
All right.
Twenty four dollars for me, Bay.
Nice.
Good deal.
Exciting.
Yeah.
Yes.
Good deal.
This was like.
The most energy we've ever given.
I remember reading a comment about us, too, Marika.
Because I also do read all the comments.
And it was a negative one.
And I wanted to share it with you.
Or was it?
It was.
So it was an episode.
Don't just do it like that.
You're hand-setting up an eighth of the frame.
Sorry.
I should only pull it back.
So a mirror was in the episode as well.
And Marika, you and I were in the corners of the video.
And one comment was.
Are the people in the corners comedians?
If not, why are they there?
That's a good one.
Yeah.
So much plastic.
Behind the smile of that was a good one.
I thought it was something like.
My bond of the week is Bay Bruth.
Not British.
Why?
Well, we've established.
They don't have to be British.
What's it mean?
Irish and fucking Brooklyn East.
Imagine.
Just bond pointing to left field and knocking at home.
Still like baseball or something more spirally to it.
Probably more spirally to it.
But he could still sort of knock it out of the park.
Knock it out.
Yeah.
I think Johnny and my choices were better.
They were definitely better.
Yeah.
I don't think so.
I think Bay Bruth could be a good bond.
Thank you.
Think about it.
Because then imagine the marketing.
Because like you have the chocolate bars.
And it could be like baby.
James.
Should we cut this out?
We should cut it out if you're worried about people stealing the great idea.
You're intellectual property of Bay Bruth becoming a dead person, by the way.
Bay Bruth becoming the next bond.
Correct.
And then the marketing being mostly candy bar related.
Okay.
Yeah.
At least you're thinking about it through a business standpoint.
Well, I kind of look at everything holistically.
I don't know if you guys are familiar with Mike Ferris, CEO of Fun Your Die.
But his whole thing is holistic.
Holisticism.
If that's a word.
I don't know.
I really took that to heart.
And maybe this is one of those moments where I kind of impart wisdom is that if you're not looking at things from not just the front end and not just the back end.
But including the back end and maybe even the sides.
Because those are the chances to really monetize content.
Then you're not going to, you're not going to become a Daniel Redcliffe type.
You're not going to get that nine figure salary.
I stopped listening when you started.
But I'm sure what you had to say was accidentally wise at one point.
And then it kind of trail down.
Probably.
Wow.
Listen.
Geonna just texted us in the slack saying that her computer's still on the reboot.
Johnny, do you want to save your segment for when she's here or do you want to do it now?
We can do this segment now.
Actually.
Let's do it.
Yeah.
All right.
So Johnny's going to share his screen.
Hopefully this doesn't fuck up the recording.
Yes, I hope.
I fucking hope.
We got to go to Bernie's again, guys.
Yeah.
We should.
Johnny didn't go with us that one time.
It was AJ, but.
Yeah.
They're kind of interchangeable to me.
So.
What the fuck is this?
This is my segment.
Jeff, I've actually spoken to you about this over text.
Yeah.
It was awesome.
The read.
Yeah.
Marie Kabubakiki.
Okay.
What?
You're not giving me anything.
I don't know what to give you.
Okay.
Perfect.
So.
No.
It's not what you want.
Explain what's on the screen.
Explain what this is.
So last weekend.
I dove into this rabbit hole.
And to be quite honest, I want everybody past present and future to see what's been going
on in my whole lately.
So phrase it like that.
Bubakiki is the name.
It happened when I was watching a lot of TED talks.
And frankly, this is very, very free game for anyone listening right now.
And anyone watching.
So listen up.
So these shapes.
If you had to guess which one is Buba America and which one is Keiki?
What would your answer be?
So we're looking at like two different shapes.
One's kind of like a star like with sharp edges.
The other ones has rounded edges.
I'm going to say rounded is Buba Keiki is the sharp edges.
Yeah.
So.
So what?
This is the most interesting thing about this is that across all languages and cultures, people
think the same exact thing.
Of the pointy shape being Keiki and the rounded shape being Buba.
It's a social phenomenon that has been studied by psychologists.
Now, here's where the game comes in.
How can we apply this to podcasting?
Are you asking us?
So you didn't bring a segment.
You brought two shapes.
And now you're asking us to pick and shoehorn in something related to these two
phonetic words.
Let me finish.
How can we apply this to podcasting?
You may be asking yourself.
You pause.
You pause it.
I was asking.
I know where this is going.
Well, it doesn't matter because I have a few dynamic duos that I can pull up that
will help us out and figuring how we can apply this to podcasting.
So here we have my God.
America's level of trick.
It's not the original art.
It's some off literally from Deviant.
Deviant art.
It also has America's level of art.
Is he Spanish?
One, I couldn't get the, I don't have the legal permission.
You don't even the right.
There you go.
I don't flag that.
I don't.
Your guys are going to have the audio version.
It's not even English.
God.
You guys are going to really dislike the other picture.
Now, using the same criteria.
Who is Buba?
And who is Kiki?
The situation.
Jeff, do you want to take this one?
I guess Shrek is Buba and Donkey's Kiki.
Rico, would you agree?
I would agree.
Great.
You guys are definitely.
Eyes are hunting.
Yeah.
What the fuck is wrong with you, Johnny?
I thought it was the closest representation of Shrek that I could find on
You definitely didn't.
You didn't have to search just on DeviantArt.
I did it.
It's DeviantArt.
That's like mostly like a anime porn site, right?
Uh, I don't think you can post explicit photos there.
Okay.
I may be mistaken.
I don't think you can either.
Next slide.
Obviously.
I like it.
It was kind of like in a day day where all the fan art went.
Uh, yes.
Now, uh, to bring it back, uh, you guys are totally right about Buba and Kiki.
Yeah.
I wanted to say it's not a right or wrong thing.
I thought this was like a mentally exercise.
I wanted to say that Shrek grossed $487.9 million US dollars.
Now imagine if this Buba Kiki was podcast was a podcast.
Nothing.
Next question.
You didn't say anything.
That was nothing.
And then my god.
Also no photo credit for this one.
Yeah.
I couldn't find the credits.
So I just kind of saw it right for listeners.
It's SpongeBob and Patrick making out the first one.
SpongeBob's kind of being lifted.
And the second one, it's like a post proposal photo on a beach.
Yeah.
And it should be noted that the first one,
not only is SpongeBob being lifted, but his shoe is tucked into the
actress's pants.
And it's exposing just the tiniest crack.
Oh.
Yeah.
See?
Everyone whoever's listening on audio.
Get on YouTube right now and check this out.
You got to see this shit.
No, you don't.
Spear yourself.
Let's see it.
What was last time you guys said sex?
Because I haven't had sex in, I think, three weeks.
And this, even this photo is made.
Don't bring that up.
Yeah.
Looking out.
No.
It's been folks.
Booban.
Kiki.
First of all.
Let's bring it back.
I feel like I might get this one wrong.
Me too.
Patrick is Booban.
SpongeBob is Kiki.
I was going to say the opposite.
I had actually kind of more aside with Marie.
And Patrick being Booban and SpongeBob being Kiki.
Okay.
13 billion in worldwide sales.
This doesn't.
Exactly.
Don't pour away.
You wait.
At all.
They both are Boobaki relationships.
And they're both.
Soul.
Monot.
They're so rich.
It's rich because of the copies.
And TV are different than podcasts.
As we know.
So what are you even saying?
You want to do an entire Booba Kiki podcast.
And you think it's going to gross millions of dollars?
What I'm saying is there's so much more opportunity.
If we can establish a firm Booba Kiki relationship in this podcast.
Then we can get rich.
Oh, you're saying one of us has to be Booba.
One of us has to be Kiki.
And then we'll get rich.
Oh, I don't even think you know what you're saying.
I think I kind of do.
I think I know what I'm saying.
Whatever's going on.
Please welcome to the show, by the way.
Gianna Kenshin.
Yeah.
Nice live last blow.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Very chuggy.
So long.
This is how?
How is this long?
Are you just chaining it together?
No, that's how long it is.
I just usually cut it off because it is so long.
But I figured she would need some time to do what she's doing right now.
Which is maneuver her laptop and plug her headphones in.
Gianna, are you recording on your own?
This is crazy.
She doesn't have headphones in.
Are you recording?
Yes, headphones in.
Awesome internet connection to you.
Oh, god.
Welcome to the show.
Yeah, you're joining what is quickly becoming a train wreck.
Gianni has Johnny talks about Bubba Kiki.
Okay, so he's showing us photos.
And we have to basically figure out the relational Bubba Kiki to these photos.
Yeah.
All right.
So Carlson and Will Smith.
Yeah.
So why don't you answer this one?
Will is Kiki and Carlton is Bubba.
Yeah.
I agree.
Same.
Wow.
Okay.
Well, it's kind of a tricky situation.
Not really.
It's Prince and it's cousin Carlton.
His funny funny cousin Carlton are also wildly successful and also Bubba Kiki.
So you guys are right.
But this relationship confused me a little bit when I was putting this together.
So I took a few pills.
And then after that, I realized I could just create a scale that measures all shades
of gray in the Bubba Kiki dimension.
Oh, I put this together.
Fucking God.
It's based on the Kinsey scale of sexual orientation.
I don't have to dive into it completely.
It's very big.
I understand that.
But this is this tackle's haul from True Bubba to True Kiki.
And here's where Carlton and Will will fall into the scale.
Will falls into the pseudo Bubba because he has an outward appearance of a Kiki.
But obviously very Bubba behaviors.
Nothing that you've shown up prior to this proves that Bubba and Kiki can be a behavior.
It was solely based on looks.
You started with genetics.
Yeah.
So this is.
It's also unbelievably open to interpretation.
That's the entire interesting part of it, which is why you brought it up in the first place.
Oh.
Don't I stroke your.
There's nothing that you can be realizing.
I don't think.
You know, what you're saying right now is really, really Bubba.
And I'm noticing it.
Can you explain how this is how this is based on the Kinsey scale toast?
Yeah, this is way more just to scale.
It's just to scale.
The fact that it's a scale, it means I based it on a scale.
Let's do next slide.
I just wanted to relay it back for every Bubba.
There's an equal and opposite Kiki.
This is just things you think.
There's no facts.
Don't say a theorem without a proof.
Yeah.
This is all the proof you need.
This is not a simple rule.
Look, the sponge Bob and Patrick relationship the Bubba Kiki there.
That's 13 billion dollars.
No.
The show is 13 billion.
The show is the content and writing is good.
Okay.
So that's the photo or how it relates to Bubba Kiki.
John, a great photo of the right.
Yeah.
I.
She agrees.
I don't know what's going on right now.
Yeah.
Well, you did join.
45 minutes.
That was not my fault.
Is that the end of the Kiki journey?
Because we can start with the next.
Oh, okay.
I'll just like steam roll through this.
No.
There's no Bubba Kiki in this one.
And guess what?
They a fight club actually flopped at the box office.
It's an on its initial release.
Don't base this on box office numbers.
Well, even Edward Norton went on to blame.
No.
Edward Norton's Edward Norton.
Oh, I cannot doctor an indie wire article.
Yes.
You don't know.
I can't bond.
Imagine the font.
And I know you know how to do that.
Right.
Quick and specked.
Change the rating.
Yeah.
I would say is Bubba.
Hmm.
Can we all agree?
Also, why was he talking about the box office flop of fight club in 2019?
When talking, doing press for motherless brook.
Did any of us see motherless brook?
And I didn't want to doctor that far because I knew.
Anyway, we can move on.
Hi, fine.
Yeah.
Next slide.
This is interesting.
Oh, my god.
I spent hours of hours of living.
Between anything that has some kind of relationship.
Yeah.
But Bubba alone.
Two Bubba's can't activate the same level of dynamism.
That sexual chemistry.
That sexual dynamite.
That Bubba and Kiki.
Is it sexual?
Yeah.
Why is it sexual?
Nothing you've shown us has related to sex at all.
No, I'm not kidding.
I'm not kidding.
All right.
Fine.
You showed us cousins.
And yep.
Okay.
So that's a fun round.
Monster.
Like wasowski and James P. Sullivan of monsters incorporated from Disney Pixar.
I didn't go into that detail of that one.
This is saying what studio did it.
You didn't mention dream works when you brought up Shrek.
You didn't mention Nickelodeon when you brought up SpongeBob.
But now you're like,
This is made by the last paint for sure.
This will love in children's cartoon.
Yeah.
You're talking about sexual sexual tension.
Sexual dynamism.
Yeah.
But it's even worse.
I think that Mike was asking is a tough powering through.
That's my God.
That's why anywhere you go at any time in the world.
There will be a boobah Kiki.
The likelihood is 100%.
Sure.
Obviously.
Because you're saying this exists.
To begin with.
Of course there's that.
Exactly.
So you agree that I.
I agree with this slide that you said that at any point in time.
A boobah Kiki exists.
If you're saying that a boobah Kiki exists to begin with.
Then yes.
That's correct.
There we go.
Yes.
Boobah Kiki exists.
This is the God.
I don't know.
I'm going to hammer in.
This entire thought.
Oh my God.
You've stumped me.
I don't know what to say.
This isn't anything.
The second one is laughs per minute.
Right.
Because any movie is boobah Kiki.
So of course it's more than 100 billion.
Because it's laughs every week.
Yeah.
But we can.
Who's watching it.
The second minute is not an actual unit of measurement that anyone uses.
LPM.
We don't know it.
It laughs per minute.
You can't just put shit on graph paper and say that it's science.
You did no reason.
You're no proof.
I know.
Said no such thing that this was science.
This is just pure fact.
Honestly.
That's actually non scientific.
But worse.
I was actually giving you the benefit of the doubt saying you thought this was science.
You're open to being wrong even a little bit.
You're astrological big three and boobah Kiki.
My astrological big three.
Boobah Kiki.
Yeah.
I think I need a big two.
A big two.
Like boobah son.
Kiki rising.
Boobah son.
But you know what?
Like everybody's been kind of.
Shooting on my segment, which I prepared tirelessly.
How I'm clear.
Take you.
This actually took me three hours.
And like only like 50,000 people are going to see me.
To be fair to be fair, he got really distracted.
Looking up SpongeBob art on DVN.
Yeah.
That was like that took a solid two.
That was me and Oliver Branch by saying this is the end of the presentation.
When the world ends, will you be someone's boobah or someone's Kiki?
It doesn't fucking matter.
Just think about it.
Think about it for a second.
And there we go.
That.
Are you happy?
You end 18 slides.
18 slides.
My fucking god.
How do I make you stop screen sharing?
I do it myself.
I do it.
I mean, I had another segment.
We're 45 minutes into this thing.
We can have to go.
Yeah.
They do need to go.
All right.
So let's bid it to you.
Tamarika.
And then we'll do this last segment.
How's that sound?
Great.
Okay.
Hang on.
Let me get something for you to go out.
Let me get something to go out on.
All right.
The.
Thanks.
Bye.
I don't think anybody.
All right.
Welcome.
Oh, sorry.
Let me do the fucking.
Everybody wants a fucking song.
I don't think anybody said they want a song.
I want a song.
Welcome to smash your pass.
Great.
Now, this is a segment I can get behind.
Yeah.
You guys are playing smash your pass, right?
Where it's like kind of objectifying other humans.
I'm just saying like who you want to fucking.
You don't.
Of course.
Okay.
Okay. So this is that, but it's going to be about other shit.
And there's no right or wrong answers here.
I just thought that we could wax.
So smash your pass.
A COVID-19 booster.
Smash.
Yeah.
Totally smash correct.
You said they're no right or wrong answers.
Sorry.
I just got one.
There is a right or wrong answer.
Okay.
Yeah.
I would agree.
Okay.
How about judging a midwife's decisions outside of work?
I would totally pass on that.
So this is what kind of decisions.
What are we talking about?
Well, that's what I'm saying is like you don't get.
You can't know.
This is the theoretical midwife, the royal midwife.
And so it's like, okay.
You don't know what their decisions are.
But can you even step into the arena of judgment?
Or is being a midwife so sacral that it's like sacral kind of get.
No, I think you can judge her.
I'm going to smash on that.
Nice.
All right.
What about giving a platform to the unhoused?
Smash.
Yes.
Yeah.
I thought Marie could would say pass.
I actually think that I can speak from Marie.
I've known her for six fucking years.
I feel like I can kind of speak for her.
She would pass.
I don't know.
Why wouldn't she pass?
Yeah.
I don't think so.
She loves hierarchy.
She loves social nowhere.
She loves to have people.
By virtue or vice-rather of policy decisions.
Have people not have human dignity and basic needs.
Wrong.
I find it hard to believe that you've even spoken to Marie.
You've never been your entire life.
About this?
No, just in general.
There's no way.
I think like you kind of get to get a gauge on like someone's moral standing.
The first time you meet them.
Right?
And Carlos.
And Mirica haven't met nearly as many times as you and her.
And I know that she would definitely smash on this.
A great.
It's supposed to be fun.
Just remember that.
A paper doll by John Mayer.
I don't know that song.
I'm going to pass just to spite you.
That's fair.
John Mayer's hot.
Agreed.
All right.
No, that I can agree with.
Yeah.
Just smash her past John Mayer.
That would be.
No, that's not what it is.
It's paper doll by John Mayer.
What are we trying to make it a little bit more.
We're trying to make it a little bit more fun.
Is that all right with you?
There you go.
It's not like my fucking dad.
All right.
What about reality bending aspects of your?
Smash.
Such as.
Reality bending aspects of your life.
I don't know, man.
Like the acid tests are like any kind of thing where it's like,
you know, consciousness is altered,
but, you know, in a certain time period, right?
Bicycle day.
Is this the next one or?
I don't know.
Let's move on.
This is this is already.
You guys are going to mean nothing.
What about a state sales to have?
A state sales to have?
Yeah.
Or just a state sales.
But yeah.
A state sales.
I would totally.
Yeah.
A hundred percent great deals.
One time I pulled up to a state sale.
That was going to open at 11 in the morning.
I pulled up at six in the morning because it had so much.
Nineteen 60s mod furniture.
Okay.
I was like, I'm going to walk out with so many things.
Everything was extremely expensive.
So I waited there for nothing.
And I walked out with less than nothing.
You waited for five hours.
Yeah.
Damn.
That sucks.
That's your fucking jam, too.
That's like a mod.
Oh yeah.
No.
You don't even give him a smile for that because it's like he makes these decisions.
Yeah.
He has to live with and he's still joyous of bad decision making.
You're not making this any more fun than she was trying to make it fun again.
Childhood.
Childhood journaling.
Smash.
Totally smash.
Yeah.
I think that's a healthy way to deal with your emotions.
I agree.
Did you.
Jeff.
Did you ever child journal as a child?
No.
Okay.
So that explains kind of a lot, right?
Stem cell research or not.
Or not.
So.
We're.
Which one are we smashing?
Passing.
Right.
So it's either to have it or not.
And then smash your pass.
It's supposed to be called either to.
Yeah, it's smash.
I totally smash.
Okay.
Stem.
That one's tough because passing is the same as smash.
Exactly.
That's why it's confusing.
All right.
Sexual analytics.
Totally smash.
Really.
I'd love to go with your paths.
Yeah.
I'd love to.
You.
Yeah.
We're both from the same hometown.
Uh.
Burlington.
Yeah.
Right.
Is that what it is?
We're all dumb.
Yeah.
We are.
It's also.
The thing is that weirdly.
There are people that listen to this show that have real jobs.
That affect the world in a positive way.
And like sometimes we'll say something or I'll say something specifically incorrect.
And then like I'll get a DM or somebody tweets at me and it's like,
Hey, I work in like.
Research for like XYZ.
You're actually completely off base with this thing.
And I'm like, you'd work there.
And you listen to this.
I wouldn't trust that.
Uh.
Sexual analytics.
So like yeah.
Basically rank in your sexual partners against each other.
I think that that's kind of fucked up because it's not necessarily.
It's about sexual chemistry.
It's about kind of forging a bomb with somebody.
If free.
I assume bisexual analytics you're describing like a.
A spreadsheet.
Uh.
The sheet that you spread a spreadsheet about.
Just like minutes lasted.
Uh.
It's color coded and shit.
That's what I wanted.
Yeah.
But now I feel like for your own disgusting.
For my own performance.
I'm trying to get better.
What's the longest you ever had sex?
Johnny.
Because sometimes it gets too long.
And then it's like not that fun anymore.
Yeah.
But like 30, 40, second half finally.
Let's move on.
What about?
Yeah.
Gatekeeping.
Smash.
Did you see that lady on TikTok?
That was like a fake beekeeper?
I don't know.
But that's perfect for you.
Yeah.
She had a bunch of followers.
And she was like making videos about like she would like have like a like a
bee hive that was like in danger or something.
And then she would like come up.
And she would like pull a queen out of her jacket and like a little clip.
And she would be like luckily.
I had a queen on me right in the nick of time.
And I saved the hive.
And people were like yo.
This lady is a fucking liar.
Got like themselves.
I believe she wasn't a real beekeeper.
No way.
You saw her?
Yeah.
She's fake.
Oh, my god.
My whole world is crumbling before my eyes.
You got to be hit more fortified as a person for that to not crumbles.
Like that's like that was a lot of that meant like a whole lot.
It should know.
It should have meant little to none.
Market.
What about marketing goals slash sauce?
Marketing goals.
Smash process.
Marketing goals slash sauce.
So like you're sitting there kind of setting goals for Q1 and you're like dipping.
Carrots and ranch.
Maybe.
Oh.
Smash.
Okay.
I would smash the sauce part but the marketing goals I could definitely do with that.
That's right.
Basically what I was doing at the headgum live show.
All right.
What about meals on wheels?
Totally smash.
Smash.
Yeah.
Great.
You're offering a lot of smashes.
Not really many.
Yeah.
You are.
All right.
Smash.
Well.
I actually want anything about that.
We are the POCs and this.
We are.
Yeah.
We had a.
This is the second all person of color had gone podcast episode.
I love that.
Yeah.
John.
John Z.
Oh my god.
Soon.
I hope.
But I.
Give me money.
I'm going to plug my.
My.
No.
I don't want to.
Uh, because I'm going to work for three months.
Why?
To be like in two weeks.
We're good.
December.
I'm February and potentially half of March.
Hopefully.
I'll take the good old energy transit.
To come up and see us off.
Yeah.
Yes.
It is awful.
It is.
It's so awful.
What about choosing a location based on vocation.
Smash or pass.
Based on vocation.
Yeah.
Pass.
Clearly.
Because you still live in New Jersey.
And you work in New York.
Yeah.
See.
Johnny.
I have to smash because that's exactly what I did.
But what if you get a job in like.
Like what if you get your dream job offer and it's in like Utah.
That's why I say pass.
Exactly.
I'd have to.
So you wouldn't even move somewhere that you don't like for your absolute dream job.
I don't think I would.
If it was somewhere really, truly awful.
But you have to.
I feel like you have to look at it in a certain way where like.
Okay.
You're there for two years.
Maybe even a year and a half.
And then you have that experience under your belt that the next job.
You get to go back to New York or something nonsense.
Okay.
Maybe I'll smash this.
You kind of convinced me.
It's like the open to change in opinions.
Uh.
All right.
We got two more.
Let's get through these.
Uh.
Sacred.
Get through it.
I said.
Sacred river blessings.
So sort of druidry in a way.
Druidry.
Setting mother earth like a table.
And blessing her most.
Life giving substance.
This is that sounds like an amazing thing.
I would totally smash.
I guess.
Yeah.
Mother earth.
Father sky.
Grandmothers and grandfather's.
Yes.
Grandfather.
Great mother.
All right.
Let's round it out.
The Joe Bros.
Chastity promise.
That.
I'll have to pass on.
I'll have to pass on that one.
Because it was a trick.
It was definitely a trick question because it's Chastity.
I'm going to have to pass on it.
Okay.
Because I'm.
I'm fulfilling their wishes of Chastity.
Okay.
They also were not chased when they had those.
No, they weren't.
Ferris cut this out.
Cut out the whole Taylor Swift.
The whole segment.
All right.
The whole segment because it wasn't good because of Johnny.
How I was.
Bringing my regular game.
I'm not going to say my.
Because it wasn't an A game.
We do have to wrap things up.
Blugs.
What do you guys got?
Johnny.
Why did you go first?
Okay.
Thank you.
Follow me on Instagram at.
Gianna.
I.
Instagram handle.
Thank you.
So much.
Everyone says that to me.
But yeah.
I mean, that's all I got.
Just follow me on Instagram.
Run it up.
Tell me.
I'm hot.
I love that shit.
Oh, God.
You don't know what you're doing.
You're an eagle.
I don't.
Johnny.
Follow me on Instagram at Johnny V.
J.O.H. and and why V.I.
I.
One of these days.
I'll change it.
But we'll figure it out.
Make it hard to for everyone to find me.
Is Johnny Villa not available?
Johnny Villa is not available.
I was thinking.
Hey, J.ville.
But I already snag that.
So don't.
Don't know.
Don't nobody get wise and try to snag that one.
You have like a same.
Yeah.
You can follow me on Instagram at Jeffrey James on Twitter at Jeff Boyardy.
And we'll see you guys again next week.
Then so much for listening to this episode of the headgun podcast.
Johnny, we'll have you back for an in person episode.
If you're in New York in December.
Where?
And you'll be there for the full hour of torture.
I'm sorry.
But yeah.
We'll see you guys again next week.
What do we do?
Oh, that.
That's.
Folks.
I mean, we're following it at this point.
That was a headgun original.
The headgun original.